Story/um 767 get allocator docs (#509)
LLNL/Umpire: docs/sphinx/tutorial/allocators.rst

   :end-before: _sphinx_tag_tut_get_allocator_end
   :language: C++

You can also use an existing allocator to build an additional allocator off of it:

.. literalinclude:: ../../../examples/tutorial/tut_allocator.cpp
   :start-after: _sphinx_tag_tut_getAllocator_start
   :end-before: _sphinx_tag_tut_getAllocator_end
   :language: C++

> This "add-on" allocator will also be built with the same memory resource. More information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This new allocator will also be built with the same memory resource. More information
```
